#summary Location Authentication: A PKI based scheme.

=== Requesting a location. ===
If Bob wants Alice’s location, she must first approve and verify his identity through the following process.

- Bob makes an SMS request for Alice’s public key from a certificate authority (C.A.){{{*}}}

- Bob uses the public key to encrypt an SMS message requesting Alice’s location.

- Alice decides that she wants to send her location to Bob, and continues on to verify his identity by calling him.

- Bob answers the call and simultaneously sends his location through SMS, encrypted with Alice’s public key.

- Alice decrypts Bob’s location and verifies Bob’s identity through voice and through his location

- Alice then sends her location to Bob and decides on rules about how Bob can access her location in the future

- From now on, Alice need only to verify that Bob’s number is still linked to his public key in order to send him her location.


=== {{{*}}}Certificate authority: ===
The C.A. will need to link the phone number, subscriber name, and a randomly generated GUID, together with the public key. 

In the case that a phone subscription is cancelled, people should no longer trust that phone number with their location. Therefore to prevent the next person with the number from getting locations from people that trusted the old subscriber they need to:

- Install the location authentication software

- Input their name

- Register with the C.A. including phone number, name, and phone serial number 

- If the C.A. detects a difference in the combination from any previously registered with the same public key, it flags the entry as invalid. Any user can also un-register with the C.A. using the same mechanism.

- A user can also choose to distrust a specific person/phone number combo